Added info about using update cmd (#57)
monk-io/docs: docs/cli/monk.md

## load

Load template YAML file(s) from disk.

> Will not update a running workload. Use update instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Will not update a running workload. Use `update` after `load` to commit changes to the workload that is already running.
```
